{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Dan Bryan\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 I am a creative minded individual with 20 years of experience in information technology. I\u8217'm accomplished in infrastructure, research, and security. I am passionate about cloud technologies and automation. I\u8217'm extremely experienced in solutions engineering and troubleshooting. I\u8217'm confident in my ability to lead and communicate with others. I have an exceptional understanding how technologies relate to one another and enjoy solving complex technical problems.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Top Technical Skills\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Amazon Web Services, Linux, Security, Python, Go, Kubernetes\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 1998-Present (expected)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Community College}; Various courses of interest, no degree.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Microsoft, Networking, Cyber Security}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2005-2010\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b USAF Technical School and Training}; Keesler AFB, Eglin AFB\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Communications: Networking, Voice, Systems, Transmissions}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Certifications\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab AWS DevOps Professional - V64WBJVKCBR4QGCE\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab AWS Certified Developer - AWS-ADEV-7883\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab (ISC)\u178? CISSP - 410338\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab CCNA Security - CSCO11709829 (previously held)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab CompTIA Network+ - COMP001008999716 (legacy)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab CompTIA A+ - COMP0010621927 (legacy)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Owner @ Bryanlabs:} October 2018 - Present\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Founded in 2018, Bryanlabs focuses on Development and Operations in AWS environments.:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Blogger on AWS Automations.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Freelance DevOps Engineer @ Toptal} October 2018 - Present\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Toptal is an exclusive network of the top freelance software developers, designers, finance experts, and project managers in the world. Top companies rely on Toptal freelancers for their most important projects.:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Provided AWS Consulting to Toptal Developers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Technical consultent for developing a new business proposal for a key Toptal client.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b DevOps Engineer @ Stratus Solutions} October 2016 - Present\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Engineered AWS environments, created automation solutions, and prototyped new services:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Question writer/external SME for AWS DevOps Professional Certification Exam.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Automated AWS infrastructure using cloudformation and terraform.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Developed various GoLang micro-services focused on integration with AWS, Microsoft, and Safenet APIs.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Deployed Serverless website using CodeStar, CodeCommit, CodeBuild, CodePipeline, S3, Lambda (GoLang), API Gateway, CloudFront.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Engineered kubernetes cluster focused on streaming applications using X11 over SSH.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Presented Automated event analysis solution at AWS re:invent Non-Profit Hackathon. Using Twitter API, Rekognition, Step Functions, and Lambda.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Engineered Appstream 2.0 solution to provide multi-user application streaming over HTML5.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Integrated Amazon SSM solution to provide Equipment inventory and Patch compliance.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Engineered API Gateway to provide equipment info from DynamoDB via Lambda.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Engineered AMI factory using EC2 Simple Systems Manager.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Automated system states for Linux and Windows servers using SaltStack.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Developed various shell / python scripts / Lambda functions to automate AWS maintenance, rotate/share AMIs, bootstrap servers, identify non-compliant servers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Deployed AWS Elastic Container Service and dockerized various services.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Audited security of web-services and ensured they followed PKI best practices.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Continuously researched and prototyped latest AWS services for consideration of environment evolution.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Engineered and maintained various MFA/SSO technologies including; Safenet and Yubikey.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Deployed various web services like Jira, Confluence, Gitlab, Terradici, windows/cups printserver, and Squid proxy.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Security Engineer @ Engineering Solutions, Inc} October 2011 - September 2016\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Engineered AWS environments, created automation solutions, and prototyped new services:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Provided leadership, training and project management for 3 PKI Engineers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Provided subject matter expert guidance for customers interfacing with PKI Technologies.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab esigned technical and operational security components by integrating Elasticseach, Logstash, and Kibana to obtain high level analytical view of the information service.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Lead development of enterprise revocation service security architecture.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Lead enterprise revocation service through certification and accreditation.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Accredited and deployed servers via physical, virtual, and cloud based mediums.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Developed multiple tools enabling admins and developers to interface with PKI technologies.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Coordinated PKI configurations with desktop providers and software distribution centers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Recommended physical, administrative and technical controls to ensure high availability of enterprise PKI service using BIG-IP F5\u8217's.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Recommended and implemented Intrusion detection, access control, and auditing of PKI services.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Lead security planning, assessment, and risk management activities for PKI services using DISA STIGs, Retina, Nessus technologies.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Provided system security engineering guidance to Enterprise Lync/Desktop server teams as a subject matter expert in certificate revocation technologies.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Interacted with high-level stakeholders of Engineering Review Board defining standard OCSP policies and objectives ensuring availability across the enterprise.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Technical Consultant @ Self Employed} June 2010 - September 2011\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Engineered AWS environments, created automation solutions, and prototyped new services:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Participated in SAICs MD Cyber challenge incorporating computer defense and offense strategies. Implementing STIGs, and performing vulnerability assessments with Nessus / Metasploit / Armitage.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Participated in Deloitte\u8217's National Collegiate Cyber Defense Competition with Howard Community College.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Deployed CISCO ASA 5505, enabled anyconnect VPN solution with active directory authentication as well as configured firewall services for a DMZ and internal LAN.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Attended Hacker Space events frequently, including seminars, presenting at conferences, and entering capture the flag challenges.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Attended various classes related to network security: VPN, IDS, Firewall, Pentesting.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Self-pursuit of CCNP Route, Switch, and Tshoot via Howard Community College.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Self-pursuit of Python training via CBT nuggets.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Self-pursuit of Oracle Database 11g SQL Fundamentals training via CBT nuggets.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Installed, configured desktop, server, and network components.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Resolved issues with mobile devices, desktop, printers, software, and network appliances.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Provided Hands on training with new hardware and software technologies.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Network Integration Specialist @ United States Air Force} June 2004 - June 2010\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Engineered AWS environments, created automation solutions, and prototyped new services:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Determined equipment, and configuration requirements as well as provided guidance for installation of Communications technology components. (multiplexors, PBX, Voice, Voip, Network).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Assisted with a Squadron site relocation communications design; coordinated relocation with service providers to ensure availability of critical systems during transition.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Kept detailed documentation of network, telecommunication, and transmission circuits.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Provided cryptography solutions for missions, key issuance, renewal, and application.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Developed tools allowing operators to automate common tasks.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Provided computer systems support for squadron. Installed software, fixed connectivity issues, diagnosed hardware issues.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Created and maintained a public website for the Air control Squadron.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Graduated Airman Leadership School, and took on the role of supervisor providing performance reports and career training for network system employees.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Pharmacy Technician @ Safeway} October 2002 - May 2004\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Engineered AWS environments, created automation solutions, and prototyped new services:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Provided technical assistance with medical devices.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Acted as technical support liaison with Safeway Help desk.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Input customer personal and medical data into computer software.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Ensured customer PII was protected in accordance with HIPPA regulations.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b System Administrator @ LibertyStone Inc} September 2001 - September 2002\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Engineered AWS environments, created automation solutions, and prototyped new services:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Managed windows domain services including active directory, dhcp, dns, iis.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Built and configured windows 98/xp/2000 desktop/servers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Resolved hardware issues with computers, printers, telephones and fax machines.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Built cat-5 cables, ran wires, and diagnosed network connectivity issues.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Performed website development for 4 websites using dreamweaver.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Developed various tools using visual basic.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b System Administrator @ James German and Associates} March 2001 - September 2001\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Engineered AWS environments, created automation solutions, and prototyped new services:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Performed OS and Software deployments.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Engineered Local Area Network and Internet connectivity.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Installed and Configured fax machines, printers.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b System Administrator @ AM/PM Computer Services, Inc.} September 2000 - March 2001\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Engineered AWS environments, created automation solutions, and prototyped new services:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Built and configured windows 98 desktops.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Resolved hardware issues with computers, printers, telephones and fax machines.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Built cat-5 cables, ran wires, and diagnosed network connectivity issues.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Technical Consultant @ Self Employed.} June 1998 - September 2000\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Engineered AWS environments, created automation solutions, and prototyped new services:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Managed redhat 5 (Hurricane) linux server running apache.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Developed and managed website for independent pharmacy in Cloverly MD.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Performed cat5 cable management including cable termination and routing.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Installed and configured Internet Service Provider Routers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Configured Internet connection sharing and Home networking.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Attended \u8216'2600 Hacker Quarterly\u8217' Meetings in Baltimore.\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:dan@bryanlabs.net"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
dan@bryanlabs.net
}}}
 \u8226? +01 (667) 271 0105\line Laurel, MD, USA\par}
}
